Seamless SAR Archive (SSARA) project repository
------

This repository contains software developed as part of the SSARA project, most notably will be a command line client used to perform federated queries with the API and utilities for data formatting and conversion.  Check out the WIKI for more information about specific elements of the projects.

### PROJECT OVERVIEW:
The NASA Advancing Collaborative Connections for Earth System Science (ACCESS) seamless synthetic aperture radar (SAR) archive (SSARA) project is a 2-year collaboration between UNAVCO, the Alaska Satellite Facility (ASF), the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), and OpenTopography at the San Diego Supercomputer Center (SDSC) to design and implement a seamless distributed access system for SAR data and derived data products (i.e. interferograms).  A seamless SAR archive increases the accessibility and the utility of SAR science data to solid Earth and cryospheric science researchers. Specifically, SSARA provides simple web services tools to more seamlessly and effectively exchange and share SAR metadata, archived data and on-demand derived products between the distributed archives, individual users, and key information technology development systems such as the NASA/JPL ARIA projects that provide higher level resources for geodetic data processing, data assimilation and modeling, and integrative analysis for scientific research and hazards applications. The proposed seamless SAR archive will significantly enhance mature IT capabilities at ASFs NASA-supported DAAC, the GEO Geohazard Supersites and Natural Laboratories archive, and UNAVCO’s WInSAR and EarthScope archives that are supported by NASA, NSF, and the USGS in close collaboration with ESA/ESRIN. As part of the proposed effort, data/product standard formats and new QC/QA definitions will be developed and implemented to streamline data usage and enable advanced query capability. SSARA provides users with simple browser and web service API access tools to view and retrieve SAR data from multiple archives, to place their tasking requests, to order data, and to report results back to data providers; to make a larger pool of data available to scientific data users; and to encourage broader national and international use of SAR data. The new ACCESS-developed tools will help overcome current obstacles including heterogeneous archive access protocols and data/product formats, data provider access policy constraints, and an increasingly broad and diverse selection of SAR data to address the need to efficiently discover, access, retrieve, distribute, and process huge quantities of new and diverse data.

### OBJECTIVES:
1. Develop and implement a federated metadata query and data product download capability from distributed SAR archives at by enhancing existing web browser user interfaces and data access web service Applications Programming Interfaces (APIs) at ASF and UNAVCO/WInSAR.
2. Define and make available new QC parameters and products that will enhance the usability of data and data products from these existing collections. A related goal is to develop standard formats for image products such as interferograms, coherence images, tropospheric effects, and terrain corrections.
3. Implement a web services enabled InSAR terrain correction service using NASA SRTM data at SDSC.
4. Enhance ASF SAR interferogram processing service to access distributed SSARA data collections, utilize SSARA terrain correction service, and generate enhanced QC products. Establish processed data products archive (interferograms and related enhanced QC products) at ASF and UNAVCO with standard formats and metadata.
